The surveillance has been investigated
But
I didn't see how Miss Lin left the hospital
The other party avoids the camera in friendship
Then you
Go ahead.
Miss Lin is from every man's nearby hospital
That Man?
Dust-free vision
Oh, I see.
You go down
What are you talking about?
I just talked to Secretary Lin about college.
We used to be alumni
Hahahaha
That's fate
Yeah, in college!
If you meet a woman like Secretary Lin
Then I must be brave enough to pursue love
Hahahaha
Mr. Gu
I really admire Secretary Lin's ability.
I don't know if I can part with love
Of course I'm fine.
But
You still have to ask Secretary Lin's opinion first.
Even if this is a passerby
Forever
Of course I would.
Miss Lin was taken by a man near the hospital
That man is Li Mucheng hahaha
Since Mr. Wei likes it
Then give it to Mr. Wei
I would like to thank Mr. Gu
Ahahaha
Ha ha.
Hahaha